[APM] Trace Search and analytics (#4524)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_search_and_analytics/_index.md

{{< vimeo 278748711 >}}

> [Trace Search & Analytics][1] is used to filter APM Data by user-defined tags such as `customer_id`, `error_type` or `app_name` to help troubleshoot and filter your requests. To enable it either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Trace Search & Analytics][1] is used to filter APM data by user-defined tags such as `customer_id`, `error_type`, or `app_name` to help troubleshoot and filter your requests. To enable it, either:
```

> * Configure your APM tracer to emit the relevant analytics either [automatically](#automatic-configuration) or [manually](#custom-instrumentation) from your services. Then [enable Trace Search inside Datadog][1] in order to start forwarding these analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure your APM tracer to emit the relevant analytics from your services—this can be done either [automatically](#automatic-configuration) or [manually](#custom-instrumentation). Next, [enable Trace Search inside Datadog][1] to begin forwarding these analytics.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Java" %}}

> Trace Search & Analytics can be enabled globally for all **web** integrations with one configuration parameter in the Tracing Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trace Search & Analytics can be enabled globally for all **web** integrations with one configuration parameter in the Tracing client:
```

Not sure if "client" is one of the capitalised words…
